Docs: delta lake diff (#5387)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/integrations/delta.md

> lakeFS is format-agnostic, so you can save data in Delta format within a lakeFS repository to reap the benefits of both technologies. Specifically:

Author: done

> 1. ACID operations can now span across many Delta tables.

Author: done

2. [CI/CD hooks](../use_cases/cicd_for_data.md#using-hooks-as-data-quality-gates) can validate Delta table contents, schema, or even referential integrity.
3. lakeFS supports zero-copy branching for quick experimentation with full isolation.

{% include toc.html %}

> ## Viewing Delta table changes in lakeFS

Author: As discussed, I called it a "beta feature"

> Using lakeFS, you can compare different versions of Delta tables, view the table operations done since the tables diverged and their details.

Author: done

> For example, comparing branches `dev` and `main`, we can see that _movies_ table has changed on `dev` since the branches diverged. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, comparing branches `dev` and `main`, we can see that the _movies_ table has changed on `dev` since the branches diverged. 
```

Author: done

> Expanding the delete operation, we learn that all movies with rating < 4 were deleted from the table on the `dev` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expanding the delete operation, we learn that all movies with a rating < 4 were deleted from the table on the `dev` branch.
```

Author: done

![movies_table_changed.png](../assets/img/delta-diff-table-icon.png)
![movies_table_operations.png](../assets/img/delta-diff-operations.png)

**Note:** 

> The diff is available as long as the table history in Delta is retained ([30 days by default](https://docs.databricks.com/delta/history.html#configure-data-retention-for-time-travel)).

Author: rephrased it and added it, wdyt?

> The diff is available as long as the table history in Delta is retained ([30 days by default](https://docs.databricks.com/delta/history.html#configure-data-retention-for-time-travel)).

Reviewer 2: I'd put this note before the "For example" in this section, since it's an important point that is currently buried below the example that ppl might skim over.

> 

Reviewer 2: Needs a `{: .note }` for the above to be rendered as a note

```suggestion
{: .note }

```

Author: done

lakeFS is format-agnostic, so you can save data in Delta format within a lakeFS repository to reap the benefits of both technologies. Specifically:

1. ACID operations can now span across many Delta tables.
2. [CI/CD hooks](../use_cases/cicd_for_data.md#using-hooks-as-data-quality-gates) can validate Delta table contents, schema, or even referential integrity.
3. lakeFS supports zero-copy branching for quick experimentation with full isolation.

{% include toc.html %}

> ## lakeFS Delta diff 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Viewing Delta table changes in lakeFS 
```

Author: done

> Using lakeFS, you can compare different versions of Delta tables, view the table operations done since the tables diverged and 
> their details.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can use the _Compare_ view in the lakeFS UI to compare different versions of Delta tables. You will be able to view the table operations done since the tables diverged and their details.
```

Author: done

> For example, comparing branches "dev" and "main", we can see that **movies** table has changed and on "dev" since the branches diverged. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For example, comparing branches `dev` and `main`, we can see that the _movies_ table has changed on `dev` since the branches diverged. 
```

Author: done

> Expanding the delete operation, we learn that all movies with rating < 4 were deleted from the table on dev branch.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Expanding the delete operation, we learn that all movies with rating < 4 were deleted from the table on the `dev` branch.
```

Author: done

![movies_table_changed.png](../assets/img/delta-diff-table-icon.png)
![movies_table_operations.png](../assets/img/delta-diff-operations.png)

**Notes** 

> * lakeFS Delta diff is available from vXXX(Change this after releasing) on the lakeFS UI.  

Reviewer 3: Not needed - our docs are versioned. Also - these two notes are of a very different nature but have similar phrasing. So if you choose to retain the first one, they should be separate.

Author: ok, makes sense!

> * lakeFS Delta diff is available for the time period the table history is retained ([30 days by default](https://docs.databricks.com/delta/history.html#configure-data-retention-for-time-travel)).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The diff is available as long as the table history in Delta is retained ([30 days by default](https://docs.databricks.com/delta/history.html#configure-data-retention-for-time-travel)).
```

Author: done
